=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

TicketAttachments - handle attachments of a ticket

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module shows all attachments of a ticket in a new widget in the ticket zoom.
It lists all attachments and shows the dates so you can identify the right attachments.
All attachments are linked, so you can download them.

The list of the attachments can be grouped by the article they belong to. The article
is linked, so you can view the article with a single click.

If enabled, your agents can delete and/or rename single attachments. This helps to 
identify important attachments more easily.

The admin can define a list of filenames that should not appear in the widget. That way,
signatures (like I<smime.p7s>) do not fill the list of attachments.

=head1 PRO VERSION

An extended version can be found on L<http://feature-addons.de/otrs/Ticket%20Zoom/TicketAttachments>
with those additional features:

=over 4

=item * Search for Attachments

=item * Delete Attachments based on various filters

=over 4

=item * Filesize

=item * Ticket state

=item * Filename

=back

=item * Simple reuse of Attachments in Compose and/or Forward dialog

=item * Download of all attachments in a ticket as a .zip file

=item * Download of all attachments in an article as a .zip file

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=over 4

=item Moritz Lenz

* Small patch to toggle the widget content

=item Balázs Úr

* Hungarian translation

=back

=head1 AUTHOR AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2012-2016 Renee Baecker (Perl-Services.de)

This module is licensed under the AGPL 3.

=cut
